Version 1Page 1 of 10Provider Accreditation (Licensing) 
Application Form -Part B
Application Version No. 
(Administrative use only)This form is to be filled in by those applying as University, Higher Education Institution or 
Further and Higher Education Institution. This application is also applicable for those apply 
for a change in category to add Higher Education provision. 
This application can only be submitted upon successful completion of the Provider 
Accreditation/ Licensing Application Form - Part A.  The MFHEA will notify the applicant if 
the licensing/accreditation request (Provider Accreditation/ Licensing Application Form 
- Part A) has been formally approved and on whether the process can proceed to the next 
stage. In case of approval, the MFHEA shall send an initial letter and request additional 
information as applicable.
Note 1: All documentation submitted must be in English. If any of the documentation needs to be translated, any translation done outside the 
territory of Malta must be either apostilled. 
Note 2: The MFHEA reserves the right to request additional information and documentation.
Date of Submission 
Name and Surname of the FacilitatorPlease update the date as applicable  
The appointed Facilitator will be the main point of contact for the MFHEA. 
Facilitator’s Position within the Entity 
Email Address of the Facilitator
Telephone and/or Mobile of the FacilitatorSection A: General Information
Full Name of the Education Institution
The name indicated here shall be the name used in all media, advertising, 
published material or promotional material.
The term ‘University’ and/or ‘Higher’ cannot be used in any part of the 
name unless the entity is eligible for this licence category. 
Please include abbreviations (if applicable).Section B: General DetailsA1
B1A2
A3
A4
A5
Version 1Page 2 of 10Address/es of Training Site/s in Malta
(if applicable)
Address/es of Training Site/s abroad
(if applicable)Please list all teaching sites planned for use. ‘Training sites’ refer to venues 
where the delivery of programmes is going to take place.
Kindly also provide a copy of the purchasing deed or the lease agreement. 
This is to be provided for every venue listed. 
Please list all teaching sites going to be used. ‘Training sites’ refer to 
venues where the delivery of programmes is going to take place.
Kindly also provide a copy of the purchasing deed or the lease agreement. 
This is to be provided for every venue listed.
Platform to be used in case of fully online or blended learning
 (if applicable)
In the case that training is held fully online or blended, kindly provide 
the necessary links and details which will enable us to access the online 
platform and VLE both as a lecturer and a student.B2
B3
B4
Address/es of the venues used for practical training 
(if applicable)
Kindly also provide a copy of the purchasing deed or the lease agreement. 
This is to be provided for every venue listed. B5
Include all the URL (internet address/es and/or web address/es) and 
any social media channel/s that will be utilised by education institution 
applying for this licence.
The social media channel/s, internet address/es and/or web address/
es listed here shall be those that will be utilised for marketing and to 
provide timely and current information to staff, your current students and 
perspective students.B6https://advancedlearningonline.moodlecloud.com/
Lecturer: UN: EQATeacher PW: EQAPass123!
Student: UN: EQAStudent PW: EQAPass123!
www.advancedlearning.study
Version 1Page 3 of 10Email AddressID Card / Passport
Attached copies of the Head’s main and 
related Qualification/s Name & Surname of the Head of the 
Institution
Contact Number
Work Permit Reference Number 
(if applicable)
Current Head’s Curriculum Vitae (CV)
The CV must include information regarding the 
prospective Head of Institution’s qualification/s, 
training and work experience/employment history.Section D: Head of Institution
A copy of the ID Card (back and front) or passport is to be attached with this 
application form.
The copies of the identification document are to be certified by a certified public 
accountant, notary, lawyer or similar professional.
Attach scanned copies of the Head’s main and related qualification/s. The copies 
are to be certified true copies by a certified notary or lawyer.Attach an updated CV of the Head of Institute.Section C: The Licence Category
University
 (Applicable for licensed Higher 
Education Institutions only).
Further and Higher Education Institution
(Offers foreign awarded/homegrown programmes from MQF Level 1 to MQF Level 4 and 
MQF Level 5 to MQF Level 8)
Higher Education Institution
(Offers foreign awarded/homegrown programmes at MQF Levels 5 – 8)is provided.Choose the License Category
The category is determined according to the 
MQF/EQF level/s of the programmes intended 
to be offered.
D1
D2
D3
D4
D5
D6
D7
Version 1Page 4 of 10Include the selection criteria for the Head of 
Institution
Here, include a generic profile which explains 
the requirements in terms of type and level of 
qualification/s and/or experience required to be 
appointed as the Head of Institution.D8
In this section, kindly include a list of programmes that are going to be provided through this licence. There are two kinds of programmes 
which can be provided: homegrown programmes that are accredited through the MFHEA or foreign accredited qualifications. Kindly note that 
in order to issue a licence, an applicant must obtain accreditation for at least one homegrown programme or have permission to provide at 
least one foreign accredited programme from the programme’s awarding body.
Qualification Title
(Provide full name)Education Institution/
Awarding body
(The entity which will be issuing the certificate)OFQUAL Number 
(In case of foreign 
accredited 
qualifications 
found on OFQUAL 
register of regulated 
qualification/s, kindly 
add the qualification 
number)Web link of the 
specific Foreign 
Awarded
Qualification
(Only applicable to 
foreign accredited 
qualifications)EQF/
MQF LevelThis section is to only be filled in in case of any additions or/changes which differ to what has been 
stated in Provider Accreditation (Licensing) Application Form -Part A - Section J.Section E: List of Programme/s
Version 1Page 5 of 10Section G: Employment LicenceAttach documentation asserting that the entity applying for the licence is an approved centre from the foreign 
awarding body. 
All Third Country Nationals staff residing in Malta, including the Head of School, should have a Single Work Permit. 
Kindly attach the relevant documents.Provide proof (such as contractual agreement/s) that the entity applying for the licence is eligible to offer 
foreign awarded programme/s listed in Section I.
If applicable, please provide proof that the teaching staff are approved as trainers/internal verifiers/assessors 
from the awarding body for the programme you listed on Section E.(Please skip this section if the entity is not going to provide foreign awarded programmes)Section F: Permission to provide Foreign Awarded Programmes
F1
F2
F3
Version 1Page 6 of 10Section H: Self-Assessment Report (SAR)
The Self-Assessment Report (SAR) and its Annexes shall be submitted in electronic format. The template to be used by 
the institutions when drafting the SAR is available  as supporting document.
The general structure of the SAR should be as follows:
1. Introduction – a general presentation of the provider, its mission and objectives, its governance and 
management, the infrastructure and staffing arrangements, its primary areas of academic provision, students and 
their socio-economic characteristics, relevant information about the context in which the provider operates.
2. Main body comprising:
• the provider’s perspective on how it meets the Standards of the EQA Provider Accreditation Manual for HEI  in 
terms of the existing systems, policies and procedures.
• an assessment of how effective these practices and procedures are in ensuring that the provider is fully 
compliant with the Standards.
• a SWOT analysis for each of the Standards, including an outline of proposals for further developments to 
address any perceived gaps in procedures and to enhance the quality and standards of academic provision and 
the student experience.
• In the case that the provider is licenced by MFHEA, the evolution of institutional performance during the period 
since the previous accreditation process is required (if applicable).
3. Annexes - all the documents supporting the elements presented in the main body.  The information in the SAR 
must be cross-referenced in the attached Annexes and should illustrate and substantiate the statements made. 
Version 1Page 7 of 10Section I: Teaching and Learning Venue/s
A. Internal provision
Those wishing to incorporate additional teaching and learning venues, or those in the initial application stage, are required 
to provide the following:
1. The declaration submitted is to include the 
postal address of the teaching venue being 
proposed and the signature of the health 
and safety officer. 1. The premises dedicated to the educational and administrative activities of the 
institution are under the ownership or lawful possession of the institution.  In 
both part-time and full-time provision, the teaching venue must have facilities to serve 
the teaching and learning activities and management’s needs. Proof supporting this 
requirement must be submitted. The Authority may request further documents if it is not 
satisfied with the ones provided.
2.  A health and safety declaration by a competent Occupational Health and Safety 
Officer, dating  not more than 2 months from the date of submission, declaring that the 
teaching venue and its facilities are free from hazards to safety in line with the provisions 
set out in CHAPTER 424 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY AUTHORITY ACT . 1. 
3.  A declaration by a warranted Architect confirming that the teaching venue and its 
facilities can be used for educational purposes and are in full compliance with the approved 
planning permit conditions and drawings, applicable laws and regulations, including  
L.N. 227 of 2016 DEVELOPMENT PLANNING (HEALTH AND SANITARY) REGULATIONS 
and its subsequent amendments. The declaration needs to also confirm the following 
requirements:
a. Lecture rooms with independent access that are: conducive to learning, reasonably 
free from noise, nuisance and odour pollution and with a layout that minimises 
disturbance, discomfort and danger to the users.
b. Lecture rooms are well-maintained and in good structural condition. Spaces should 
not be crammed and do not cause inconvenience to abutting properties. 
c. Adequate sanitary facilities are provided for both staff and students. 
d. A layout that allows an easy flow of staff and students at peak and emergency 
times.
4.  A declaration by a warranted Engineer  confirming that the lecture rooms are well 
ventilated, lit, aired and protected from heat, cold and humidity.  
5. All buildings being used as a teaching venue shall be fully accessible as per Maltese 
laws and regulations, in particular to the Commission for the Rights of Persons with 
Disability (CRPD) Access for All Design Guidelines, 2011.  It is the duty of the licence 
holders to make sure that the teaching venue/s used is/are in line with the relative legal 
requirements. The MFHEA reserves the right to request a compliance certificate issued by 
the CRPD at any time (including during Quality Assurance Audits). Requests for an addition 
of teaching venue must include a compliance certificate issued by the CRPD. 
Version 1Page 8 of 106. With regard to sports grounds, these should be considered as venues for internal 
provision and points 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 apply. With regard to point 4, in the case of sports 
grounds, the Engineer must also submit an actual lighting analysis. 
7. In cases where a licensed school will be utilised as the teaching venue, a signed 
letter of authorisation from the hosting venue confirming the period in which this venue 
can be utilised is to be provided. The MFHEA shall have the authority to decide whether 
a particular venue is fit for purpose for the proposed venue. In any case, the MFHEA may 
request declarations by specific professionals as necessary as part of its due diligence.
8. For a singular use of a venue  to conduct teaching activities, such as using premises 
owned by clients who are availing the service, it is imperative that the premises possess 
the requisite Health and Safety document(s) and adhere to pertinent legislation(s). The 
provider shall notify the MFHEA at least four weeks in advance. The MFHEA can object 
to the venue suggested. The MFHEA has the authority to request any documentation or 
information deemed necessary following any request for the use of premises owned by 
clients. 2
9.  Any venues that will be used for any Work Placement/Apprenticeship and/
or Internship, are to follow the requirements indicated in the relevant laws and 
legislation. Moreover, a signed agreement is to be presented, clearly indicating the role 
and responsibility of both the educational institution and the entity providing the Work 
Placement/Apprenticeship and/or Internship.
In the case where the programme being provided requires that specific practical 
assignments be held, such as hospitals, laboratories or clinics, certification that the venues 
to be used are in full compliance with the standards that the specific profession and level 
require need to be provided. Any venue that is subject to criminal investigation or under 
the Planning Authority’s regulatory and appeals action is disqualified as an eligible venue 
for accredited provision.2  Those presently conducting their teaching 
operations from a hotel can continue their 
activities for the time being.
B. External provision
Those wishing to incorporate additional teaching and learning venues, or those in the initial appli-cation stage, are required 
to provide the following:
1. The premises dedicated to the educational and administrative activities of the 
institution are under the ownership or lawful possession of the institution. In both 
part-time and full-time provision, the external teaching venue must have facilities to serve 
the day-to-day students’ and management’s needs. Proof supporting this requirement must 
be submitted. The Authority may request further documents if it is not satisfied with the 
ones provided.
2.  A health and safety declaration by a competent Occupational Health and Safety 
Officer, dating  not more than 2 months from the date of submission, declaring that the 
external teaching venue and its facilities are free from hazards to safety in line with the 
provisions set out in CHAPTER 424 OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY AUTHORITY 
ACT . 3. 
3.  A declaration by a warranted Architect confirming that the external teaching venue 
and its facilities are in full compliance with the approved planning permit conditions and 
drawings, applicable laws and regulations, including L.N. 227 of 2016 DEVELOPMENT 
PLANNING (HEALTH AND SANITARY) REGULATIONS and its subsequent amendments. The 
declaration needs to also confirm the following requirements:3. The declaration submitted is to include the 
postal address of the teaching venue being 
proposed and the signature of the health 
and safety officer. 
Version 1Page 9 of 10i. Premises with independent access that are: conducive to learning, reasonably 
free from noise, nuisance and odour pollution and with a layout that minimises 
disturbance, discomfort and danger to the users.
ii. Premises are well-maintained and in good structural condition. Spaces should not 
be crammed and do not cause inconvenience to abutting properties. 
iii. Adequate sanitary facilities are provided for both staff and students. 
iv. A layout that allows easy flow of staff and students at peak and emergency times. 4. 
4. A declaration by a warranted Engineer confirming that the premises are well 
ventilated, lit, aired and protected from heat, cold and humidity.  
5. All premises being used as a teaching venue shall be  fully accessible as per Maltese 
laws and regulations, in particular the Commission for the Rights of Persons with Disability 
(CRPD) Access for All Design Guidelines, 2011.  It is the duty of the licence holders to make 
sure that the teaching venue/s used is/are in line with the relative legal requirements.  The 
MFHEA reserves the right to request a compliance certificate issued by the CRPD at any 
time (including during Quality Assurance Audits). Requests for an addition of teaching 
venue must include a compliance certificate issued by the CRPD4. The declaration submitted needs to include 
the address of the teaching venue being 
proposed and the stamp and signature of 
the warranted Architect on each page or 
drawing.
C. Overseas provision
If an accredited educational institution or a prospective educational entity intends to conduct aspects of teaching and 
learning activities overseas, they would need to submit an official document issued by the relevant Authority that the 
overseas provision and venue to be used are in full compliance with the legal requirements of the country where the 
provision would be taking place.
D. Digital provision
If an accredited educational institution or a prospective educational institution would like to introduce online/blended 
learning, they would need to submit the following: 
1. At least one programme of studies offered through online/blended learning.
2. The Guidelines for Quality Assurance for Online Learning Providers address eight 
domains relevant to the quality assurance in online learning programmes. These domains 
are to be addressed in the Self-Assessment Report (SAR).
3. Access to the online platform and Virtual Learning Environment (VLE) both as a 
student and as a lecturer.
4. Any contractual agreement you may have with the hosts/owners of the online platform 
(if applicable).
Version 1Page 10 of 10We acknowledge that:
i.
 The inf
ormation provided here can be shared with third parties and other competent authorities for the sole purpose of the 
processing of the application. 
ii.
 W
e assume the responsibility to inform the Malta Further and Higher Education Authority (MFHEA) of any changes to our 
circumstances (e.g., address, contact details) while our application is being considered.iii.
 W
e confirm that the information supplied in this form is complete, correct and up to date. Any information which is incorrect or 
misleading may lead to the rejection of the application, the eventual withdrawal of the licence if it has been already issued and legal 
action. 
A signed copy of the application form, together with the required documentation, 
needs to be sent to accreditation@mfhea.mtName and surname of the natural person as specified in Provider Accreditation (Licensing) Application Form -Part A 
Signature of the natural person
Name and surname of the Head of Institution Signature of Head of InstitutionSignature of the natural personName and surname of the Legal Representative as specified in 
Provider Accreditation (Licensing) Application Form -Part A 
Signature of the Legal Representative
Date of Application/ /
DAY MONTH YEARSection K: Declaration
K1
K2
K3K4K5
K6
K7
K8
