01/05/2023  -
01/09/2023  - 30/04/2023
2021  - 2022
2019  - 2021
2017  - 2019Jelena Z oric
T riq San P awl Bower y Cour t, block A, fl 1 San P awl il Bahar
7708 3015  | jecaa v8276@gmail.com
Objectiv e
Sear ching for full-time job. In possession of long work permit. Motiv ated, passionate, team pla y er . Adoptable t o
v arious work envir onments, collegial, cr eativ e, r eady t o alwa ys impr o v e.
Experience
Mela Cleaning
Human Resour ces Manager
Coor dinating all administr ativ e activities. 
Identity Malta pr ocess.
De v elop r ecruitment str ategies. 
Implementing system for managing staff beneﬁts. 
Managing r ecruitment and selection pr ocess. 
Assess tr aining needs t o apply and monit or tr aining pr ogr ams. 
Onboar ding
Assisting in Indigo( updating, collecting emplo y ees data) 
Ensur e legal compliance thr oughout human r esour ce management. 
Monit or daily oper ations and addr ess potential issues when the y arise.
Natur e a positiv e working envir onment. 
Mela Cleaning
Human Resour ces Administr at or
New arriv als
Guidance with Identity Malta documentation. 
Onboar ding of new emplo y ees
T erminations/ off boar ding
Solving the daily basis pr oblems
Assisting in Indigo( updating, collecting emplo y ees data) 
EC Holdings, St Julians, Malta
House menager/P ersonal assistant
Arr anging weekly schedules and meetings. 
Planning holida ys. 
Super vision of staff.
Making appointments.
Handling household billing. 
P a ying bills.
Or dering food and home supplies. 
Or ganisation of e v ents. 
City Living Malta, Siggiewi, Malta
Cleaning Staff Member
Basic cleaning of priv ate houses and holida y apar tments. 
Git HR, V ar az din, Republic of Cr oatia
Human r esour ces Manager
Implementation of the selection and r ecruitment pr ocess.
Announcing a job v acancy .
T aking car e of measur es and le v el of emplo y ee satisfaction and identifying ar eas that r equir e impr o v ement.
W orking on team de v elopment, advising management on decisions t o be implemented.
W ork and communication with the company ' s senior management.
T aking car e of emplo y ees' interpersonal r elations.
Conducting tr aining.
Designing and implementing new rules and pr ocedur es for better work and de v elopment in the company .
2011  - 2017
2009  - 2011
2005/2009
2023
2024K eeping tr ack of compliance with company policy and r egulations that ha v e been adopted, as well as ensuring
that the y ar e in accor dance with the curr ently v alid law on labor law .
Dealing with disciplinar y pr ocesses, making decisions and issuing business solutions in the ﬁeld of human
r esour ces.
V er o Doo, Apatin, Republic of Serbia
Pr oduction Manager
Monit oring pr oduction, tr aining work ers, or dering materials, contr olling pr oducts.
Analyz ed and r esolv ed work er ' s pr oblems and r ecommended solutions.
P ar tner ed with leadership on r ecruiting, hiring and coaching pr oduction personnel. 
Asterisk, Igalo, Montenegr o
Sales assistant
Advising and super vising cust omers.
Pr ocessing pa yments. 
Ensuring st ock le v els ar e well maintained.
Assisting cust omers in or der t o help them in what the y need.
E ducation
Construction and woodworking structur e school
T echnician for landscaping and planning parks and gr een ar eas
High School
21 Academy
A war d in P a yr oll F undamentals
Le v el 5
LEAD tr aining center
A war d in HR Go v ernance, Emplo yment law and GDPR Compliance
Le v el 6
Skills
English/ Fluent
Italian/Basic
Cr oatian, Serbian/ Nativ e
EU member/In possess of long work permit
Jobs Plus P or tal
ID Malta por tal
Indigo
GDPR
Emplo yment law
HR go v ernance
P a yr oll