I am a highly organised and self-driven individual,
passionate about continuing to develop my career in the
field of finance. I possess 6 years of experience working in
multiple finance roles. I  am an ACCA  qualified accountant
and a warranted Certified Public Accountant. as issued by
the Ministry of Finance in Malta.
+356 7923 4982
10, Laketahoe, NCDingli
street, Mellieha, Maltamiriamgauci@icloud.com
SKILLS
Financial Management
Regulatory Compliance
Leadership
Critical Thinking 
SQL (Basic user)
Proficient in Microsoft Excel
and Google Sheets
Proficient user of Xero, SFM,
Zoho and Indigo MIRIAM GAUCI 
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCO UNTANT
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
W ORK EXPERIENCE
Finance Manager and Controller
Gigify
September 2022 - Present
Upon my arrival, the group comprised of 4 companies
and overtime expanded to 8 companies through
acquisitions and new incorporations across various
industries, including tech, beauty, recruitment and
transportational services.
Heading the Finance department of the group
Payroll Management 100+ employees 
Cash flow and profitability forecasting 
Review of management accounts, intercompany balances
and preparation of analysis for BOD.
Reporting to Commission For Revenue (VAT and FSS) &
MBR & other regulatory bodies as required.
Drafting and submitting applications for EU grants & Micro
invest incentives.
Opening of new bank accounts and dealing with payment
service providers
Liaising with auditors both locally and abroad and ensuring
that audits are finalised in a timely manner
Any other ad-hoc tasks as requiredCONTACT DETAILS
ACHIEVEMENTS
Automated the Payroll
Process for 100+ employees
Successful Cost Cutting and
employee incentive exercise
which resulted in 30% increase
in profits 
Streamlined and Automated
the Banking department
processes
Senior officer - Accountant - Senior Accountant
Blevins Franks Financial  Management 
M ay 2019 - Septem ber 2022
During m y tenure in the com pany, I ga ined extensive
experience overseeing financial operations, providing
operational support, project leadership, and process
im provem ent to contribute to a dynam ic orga nisation.
Oversee financial operations for 5 companies & branches
within the group (France, Malta, Monaco), 
Compile and analyze management accounts, providing
insights to facilitate strategic decision-making. •
Prepare payroll and commission statements
Headed the debtor chasing process
Submit VAT returns 
Compile financial statements and liasing with auditors
Budget preparation for Blevins Franks Trustees and
BFWML French Branch.
Lead projects such as the banking automation project and
the BFWML Income project, resulting in increased
efficiency and reduced errors.
Mentoring and training junior staff
Setting up of new overseas branches and offices
Finance Officer
Bank of valletta
M ay 2019 - Septem ber 2022
I was part of the Financial Reporting Team . M y m ain
duties within this role included:
Assisting in the compilation and analytical analysis of
monthly management accounts
Monthly Analysis procedures which emerged from  IFRS16
and IFRS 9 & preparation of monthly reports for the BOD
Assisting in the implementations and UATs of new IFRSs
Assisting in the compilation of Financial Statements
including disclosure notes and liasing with auditors.
Providing reports and different analysis that were required
by the CFO / BOD / Regulatory AuthoritiesASSOCIATE CHARTERED
CERTIFIED ACCOUNTANT
ACCA
       2018-2021
CERTIFICATE IN TAX
COMPLIANCE
       Malta In stitute of Taxation  
       2017-2018
MATRICULATION
CERTIFICATE
       G.F. Abela Junior College
       2015-2017EDUCATION
LANGUAGES
English
Maltese
French (Basic)
Italian (Basic)
 
HOBBIES
Skiing
Swimming
Travelling
Strategic games
 