PERSONAL 
INFORMATION Paula Paris 
 
Martello/6 Sir George Borg Street Sliema, SLM1960  
 +356 99827342        
 Paris.paula@gmail.com   
 
KEY SKILLS & 
COMPETENCIES Requirements Management                                                          Communication Skills  
Agile Business Analysis                                                                    Problem -Solving Skills  
Requirements Documentation/ Analysis                                     Leadership  Skills 
  
PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE  
January 2021 – 
December 2024  Head of Service Delivery 
EC English 
 
 Service Delivery Management, IT service delivery strategies and policies are developed and executed, 
while service delivery metrics and KPIs are closely monitored to maintain the quality, performance, and 
reliability of IT services.  
 IT Support: Helpdesk management to ensure the prompt resolution of technical issues for both staff and 
students, and industry-best practices for incident and problem management are implemented.  
 Vendor and Contract Management, collaboration with external vendors and service providers is actively 
undertaken to sustain and improve IT services, and contracts and Service Level Agreements (SLAs) are 
proficiently negotiated.  
 Project Management, the planning and execution of various IT projects, including infrastructure 
upgrades, software implementations, and system enhancements, are led, all while giving attention to 
ensuring that projects are completed on time and within budget.  
 
Business/ Sector   Language Centres 
  
October 2019 – 
December 2020  Project Manager 
EC English 
 
 Coordinated the establishment of an online school during the global pandemic.  
 Managed the transition to online lessons for 29 international schools, mitigating course disruptions due 
to pandemic-related restrictions.  
 Oversaw the development of an Academic module to automate administrative tasks.  
 Generated cost-benefit and risk assessment reports for IT project decision-making.  
 Analysed service desk tickets to identify business operation trends, needs, and potential IT 
solutions.  
 
Business/ Sector   Language Centres  
  
October 2013 – 
September 2019 Business Analyst – Lead 
EC English 
 
 Managed transition to in-house HR Training platform from a third-party system.  
 Led academic data migration for 5 schools to central database, ensuring regional accreditation.  
 Led BA role for improved Accommodation module, focusing on enhanced functionality.  
 Designed Academic Attendance module for compliance and reduced manual tasks.  
 Engaged with stakeholders and SMEs to identify business process enhancements.  
 Documented requirements and analysed data to suggest operational improvements.  
 Created wireframe mock-ups and facilitated communication between stakeholders and IT Team.  
 Coordinated UAT runs and developed system documentation and user training material.  
 
Business/ Sector   Language Centres 

  
 
January 2012 – 
August 2013 Director of Studies 
EC English, EC Malta 
 
 Responsible for implementing academic policies and procedures as well as working with the 
Centre Director and Group Academic Director to achieve academic KPI’s such as classroom 
averages, teacher engagement, student satisfaction and progress. 
 Managed placement testing and assigning of new arrivals.  
 Planned the academic timetable, including assigning teachers to the appropriate classes and 
levels, arranging cover for absentees and overseeing required administration processes. 
 Provided support and personal development opportunities to the teaching team through team 
and individual training, organizing and conducting in-house CPD training sessions. 
 Monitored the quality of the teaching programme including checking teachers’ lesson plans and 
schemes of work, conducting formal and drop-in observations. 
 Monitored student academic welfare, delivered periodical student progress tests, organized 
tutorial sessions, and ensured that student assessment reports were updated for all academic 
year and long-term students.  
 
Business/ Sector   Language Centres 
  
January 2010 – 
December 2011 Director of Studies 
BELS, Malta 
 
 Responsible for managing all academic and operational needs in line with policy and agreed budgets.  
 Assisted in the set-up of the school including ensuring all educational and governmental compliance 
requirements were met, with licensing and accreditation obtained on inspection.  
 Conducted the interviews and recruitment process of the academic and operational teams.  
 Responsible for sourcing, planning, and recruitment of homestay and residential accommodation to meet 
agreed financial and occupancy targets.  
 Carried out all administrative duties including payments to service providers and staff on payroll.  
 
Business/ Sector   Language Centres 
  
June 1998 – 
December 2009 Teacher Trainer, Assistant Director of Studies, EFL Teacher  
 EC English, EC Malta  
Business/ Sector   Language Centres 
  
EDUCTION AND 
TRAINING  
April 2008 – 
January 2010  DipTESOL 
 Trinity College, London  
  Language and Language Topics  
 Learning and Teaching  
 Personal and Professional Development  
  
October 1999 – 
June 2003 Degree in Bachelor of Communications (Hons.)  
 University of Malta  
  
LANGUAGES  
 
Mother Tongue(s) 
Other Language (s)  English 
Maltese & Italian  
 
